what's up guys share sorrows with droid
way to moderate eggs today we're going
to be taking a look at the blue buds x x
jaybird now a few weeks ago I did do a
review on the impound bluetooth headset
and many of you were asking the question
how do they compare to the blue buds X
so I decided to grab myself instead of
the blue buzz eggs or I should say Jey
burb was nice enough to send me a set
for review so we're going to take a look
at the packaging the unboxing and we're
going to review the product real quickly
and see how they match up to the impalas
which are much cheaper and as you guys
will find out there's probably a reason
for that but anyways let's go ahead and
get started okay so we're going to go
ahead and take a look at the packaging
just real quickly because I know that a
lot of you guys are interested in that
I've already unboxed them i've been
using them now for a little while but i
just want to show you guys how awesome
is packaging is so it has a little
magnetic strip here and you'll just kind
of open it up now this is a premium
experience these will set you back about
ninety nine dollars but these are
probably the premier athletic set of
blue tooth wireless headphones you know
you can get some that are cheaper but
they will be cheaper these are the first
to have that in ear I kind of like a
clip to hold it into the bridge of your
ear so they actually stay put no matter
how much activity you're doing but
anyways guys the blue boats come
packaged inside of this case here and
then you do get a carrying case to go
along with it I just wanted to show you
guys this is really premium you do get
what you pay for here you'll see that it
gives you kind of an outline of how to
use these you kind of twist them into
your ear like so and you can do it
behind the neck or you can do it in
front of the neck or you can actually
put them over the top of your ears
inside the box you'll find the carrying
case itself you will find some
accessories here these are different
sized ear bud pieces different sized ear
forms that form in that bridge inside of
your ear so they have very large to
small and then the ones that come
pre-installed or the medium that's
normally what I use on the headphones
just the medium whatever it comes with
pre-installed so what other really cool
thing that the Box mentions is that it
has Liquipel protection so the actual
electronic parts inside the ear buds are
protected by Liquipel so if you're
out being active and you're sweating
it's not going to seep into the earbuds
and cause any kind of damage to the
device itself so sweat in moisture is
actually one thing to consider whenever
you're looking at active earbuds like
this these are Liquipel protected so you
really don't have to worry about that
moisture when you're being active okay
so I really like the idea of the
carrying case it's just an added bonus
feature here but anyhow it houses your
earbuds for safekeeping when you're not
using them well set these to the side
I'll show you guys the actual earbuds so
you have this pretty decently sized yet
not too long cord that connects the two
earbuds together and then you have this
patented design of the silicone piece
that fits snugly inside your ear I also
see that the earbuds are slightly tilted
so when they're in your ear they're
actually pointing down towards your ear
canal and the battery life on these is
really nice i'm able to get a full day's
use out of them you're able to get eight
hours of continual play out of these
batteries which is awesome for set of
bluetooth headphones that amounts to for
me because only spend about half an hour
working out a day on the elliptical so
for me that is several days of use on
one charge torres sound quality is
concerned these do get very very loud
and the bases awesome trebles awesome
i'm not a sound audio expert but in my
opinion these have excellent excellent
sound now when compared to the IMP al
Swift bluetooth headphones there's
really not a comparison at all now these
are really nice for the price but as far
as sound quality goes and then comfort
is concerned these are nowhere near
comparable to the comfort that you're
going to get from the blue buds egg so
really these are worth a little bit of
extra that you're going to pay these are
50 these are about a hundred so really
you could skip out and go with the N pal
and that would be okay they're a good
set of headphones for the price but the
blue buzz X you're really going to get
what you pay for when it comes to
comfort now these things once you have
them in your ear correctly and you're
using the correct size piece of silicone
here you're not even going to know that
they're in your ear like you'll know
because you're going to hear them
they're going to sound awesome but as
far as comfort is concerned
you're not even going to really fill
these in your ear they just sit there
perfectly and nestled in that little
Ridge inside your ear and they just feel
natural they feel very comfortable very
natural I you do have a microphone so
that you can take calls here then pal
headphones that I reviewed several weeks
earlier do not include that feature so
that is an excellent feature you're out
running somebody calls you you're able
to take a call there's also a play
button here so you can pause and play
your music there's volume buttons here
so you control your volume from the
actual headphones themselves you don't
have to reach into your pocket and grab
your phone the charge port can be found
directly underneath there it comes with
a really nice sturdy USB cable so this
is the USB cable that it comes with here
you would just plug this into the back
side of the headphones there and then
plug that into any standard USB wall
charger outlet okay these only take a
few hours to charge and like I said they
have about eight hours of charge battery
life and overall I have to say that
these are the best bluetooth headphones
I've ever used these come highly
recommended they are premium and they do
have when it says the secure fit they
really do have a secure fit with the IMP
al had phones that I tried out they were
pretty comfortable and they stayed in my
ears but if I ever took them out to
respond to anybody if somebody came in
asked me a question I took him out when
they were wet they were hard to get back
in I didn't find the same issues with
these they just fit really securely
right in the bridge of your ear I'm in
that little Cartledge e part and they
just work excellently they do exactly
what they say they do and I would have
to recommend the jaybird bluebuds ex
Louis guys that about wraps it up for
this review if you like this video be
sure to give it a big thumbs up
subscribe to this channel for more
content like this in the future you find
more of me at droid moto x com follow me
on twitter at droid muttering x thanks
guys for watching be blessed I'll see
you in the next one